instancetype: Add basic hotplug docs (#832)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/user_workloads/instancetypes.md

null
```

## Hotplug

> Support for instance type based vCPU and memory hotplug was introduced in KubeVirt 1.3 and is built on existing [vCPU](../compute/cpu_hotplug.md) hotplug, [memory](../compute/memory_hotplug.md) hotplug and [LiveUpdate](./vm_rollout_strategies.md) support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for instance-type-based vCPU and memory hotplug was introduced in KubeVirt 1.3 and is built on existing [vCPU](../compute/cpu_hotplug.md) hotplug, [memory](../compute/memory_hotplug.md) hotplug and [LiveUpdate](../user-workloads/vm_rollout_strategies.md) support.
```
Why? Adding hyphens for the compound adjective helps the reader understand that these are all connected as a large adjective and none of them are a noun. It's a big nit, since they're reading all about instance types so it should be obvious but hyphens never hurt. 
Adding relativity to the link just because it helps if we ever need to move content between sections.

> All requirements and limitations of these features apply when hot plugging a new instance type into a running `VirtualMachine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All requirements and limitations of these features apply when hotplugging a new instance type into a running `VirtualMachine`.
```

> To invoke an instance type based vCPU and/or memory hotplug users should update the `name` of the referenced instance type while also clearing the `revisionName`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke an instance-type-based vCPU and/or memory hotplug, users should update the `name` of the referenced instance type while also clearing the `revisionName`, for example:
```

```shell
$ kubectl patch vm/my-vm --type merge -p '{"spec":{"instancetype":{"name": "new-instancetype", "revisionName":""}}}'
```

> This will trigger the same vCPU and memory hot plug logic as a vanilla VirtualMachine assuming that the aforementioned requirements are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will trigger the same vCPU and memory hotplug logic as a vanilla VirtualMachine assuming that the aforementioned requirements are met.
```
